[IMP] ecommerce: prevent sales by category (#15740)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/ecommerce/configuration/prices.rst

.. _ecommerce-price-management-tax-display:

Choosing the displayed price tax usually depends on a country's regulations or the type of customers
(:doc:`B2B vs. B2C <b2b_b2c>`). To select the type of price displayed, go to :menuselection:`Website
--> Configuration --> Settings`, select the website, scroll down to the :guilabel:`eCommerce`
section, and under :guilabel:`Display Product Prices` select between:

- :guilabel:`Tax Excluded`: The price displayed on the website is tax-excluded, and the tax is

>   computed at the :ref:`order summary <ecommerce/checkout/review_order>` step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  computed at the :ref:`ecommerce/checkout/review_order` step.
```

i learned from Erin that when you want to match the section name you're linking to, you can just leave the link text out like this, and it'll just pull the name from the other doc! (feel free to test it)

<img width="1144" height="439" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ee56a77b-12dd-43fd-8f1b-114e5875bf0b" />

</applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/product_management/configure/uom>` alongside the sales
price on the product page, follow these steps:

#. Go to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings`.

> #. Check the :guilabel:`Product Reference Price` checkbox in the :guilabel:`eCommerce` section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Enable the :guilabel:`Product Reference Price` checkbox in the :guilabel:`eCommerce` section.
```

          - `EU prices with discounts` with the `EU` country group assigned
          - `US prices` with the `US` country group assigned

        If the :guilabel:`Selectable` option is enabled for `EU regular prices` and `US prices`, and
        the customer is from the European Union, only the pricelists `EU regular prices` and `EU
        prices with discounts` will be available. However, since the `EU prices with discount` list
        is not selectable, it will disappear once the customer selects the `EU regular prices` list,
        and prices will be displayed based on the `EU regular prices` pricelist in the catalog.

Pricelist application
---------------------

> On the e-commerce, the *default* pricelist is automatically selected for public, non-logged-in users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the eCommerce site, the *default* pricelist is automatically selected for public, non-logged-in users
```
? is this correct?

---------------------------

To offer a discounted pricelist for customers with a specific discount code, access the relevant
:ref:`pricelist form <ecommerce/prices/pricelists>`, go to the :guilabel:`Ecommerce` tab, and add an
:guilabel:`E-commerce Promotional Code`, e.g., `SUMMERSALE10%`.

> Then, go to the :guilabel:`Sales Price` tab, click :guilabel:`Add a line`, and :ref:`configure the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, go to the :guilabel:`Rules` tab, click :guilabel:`Add a line`, and :ref:`configure the
```
The original text is actually up to date.

discount <sales/products/price-rules>`. When a customer inserts the code during the :ref:`checkout
process <ecommerce/checkout/review_order>`, this discount is granted according to the
:guilabel:`Sales Price` configuration.

.. note::
   Make sure that the :ref:`Promo Code <ecommerce/checkout/review_order>` option in the website
   editor is enabled and, if using :ref:`country groups <ecommerce/prices/country-groups>`, that the
   discounted pricelist has the same country group assigned as the non-discounted pricelist.

.. _ecommerce/prices/hide-prices:

Limiting sales
==============

> Many :ref:`B2B <ecommerce/b2b_b2c/prices>`, luxury, and custom companies showcase their products

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many :ref:`B2B <ecommerce/b2b_b2c/prices>` businesses or companies that sell luxury or custom items showcase their products
```

I think a "custom" company does not make sense.

online but restrict direct purchases and hide pricing.

The :guilabel:`Hide Add To Cart` drop-down option offers two configurations to control price
visibility and online sales using. Navigate to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration -->
Settings`, check the :guilabel:`Hide Add To Cart` checkbox in the :guilabel:`eCommerce` section.

Select one of the drop-down options:

- :guilabel:`0 price products`: Products with a price of `0` have their prices hidden and **cannot**

>   be purchased from the wesite.

Reviewer 2: Technically, they can be purchased, just not via the Add to Cart button, but probably through a form and quotation.
